Route: The start and finish is in Donard Car Park (grid ref 374306). Each of the Seven Summits must be visited in the order stipulated above. Navigational skills will be required, especially if weather conditions are poor. Participants must have the ability and experience to use both map and compass.

Cut-off time: There is a firm cut-off time of 2:30pm at Ben Crom dam. This is to ensure walkers complete the route before dark. Walkers missing the cut-off will be retired from the walk. WALKERS RETIRING FROM THE WALK MUST TELL THE ORGANISERS ON THEIR RETIREMENT AND ON SAFE RETURN OUT OF THE MOUNTAINS.

Equipment, food and water: Participants must have the following: hill walking boots or fell shoes; whistle; waterproof coat & hood/hat; 1:25,000 map of the Mourne Mountains; compass. Food and water are the responsibility of the individual participant. Refreshments will be available at the finishing point.

Entrance Forms: The event is entry on the day and payment must be made at registration in Donard car park. Entry forms are available to download below and can be filled in prior to the event.

Organisation: For safety reasons the walk is only open to those over 18 years of age on the day of the walk. It is intended to have checkpoints at the following positions. Donard summit, Commedagh summit, Hares gap, Col Meelmore/Meelbeg, Bencrom Dam, Binnian summit, Col Binnian/Lamagan. Should it prove to be impossible to man a particular check point then walkers will be advised of this at check-in on the day of the walk. Please do not bring dogs on the walk, since large sections of it cross land grazed by sheep. 

{{{
Summits
Slieve Donard  		850m
Slieve Commedagh	765m
Slieve Lamagan		704m
Slieve Binnian		747m
Slieve Meelbeg		708m
Slieve Meelmore		704m
Slieve Bearnagh		727m
}}}
