** Needs changing before new kernel written in spain 2017-07-08 **
Messages for package sys-fs/udev-233:
* CONFIG_FW_LOADER_USER_HELPER:should not be set. But it is.
* Please check to make sure these options are set correctly.


remove support for 64-bit kernel

A preallocated buffer-size of 2048 (kB) or higher is recommended for the HD-audio driver!
CONFIG_SND_HDA_PREALLOC_SIZE=64

CONFIG_SND_DYNAMIC_MINORS=y

CONFIG_FHANDLE


2014-11-07-udev-upgrade
  Title                     Upgrade to udev >= 217 or eudev >= 2.1
  Author                    Samuli Suominen <ssuominen@gentoo.org>
  Posted                    2014-11-07
  Revision                  1

sys-fs/udev-217 and sys-fs/eudev-2.1 no longer provide a userspace
firmware loader. If you require firmware loading support, you must use
kernel 3.7 or greater with CONFIG_FW_LOADER_USER_HELPER=n. No action is
required if none of your kernel modules need firmware. See [1] for more
information on the upgrade.

[1] https://wiki.gentoo.org/wiki/Udev/upgrade#udev_216_to_217


Hauppauge WinTV-NOVA-T usb2 DVB-T USB2.0 support (NEW)

.config:31:warning: symbol value 'm' invalid for X86_INTEL_PSTATE
*.config:2289:warning: override: FB_MB862XX_LIME changes choice state
*.config:2710:warning: symbol value 'm' invalid for AB3100_CORE
*.config:2719:warning: symbol value 'm' invalid for MFD_WM8400
*.config:2720:warning: symbol value 'm' invalid for MFD_WM8350_I2C
*.config:2721:warning: symbol value 'm' invalid for MFD_WM8350
*.config:2722:warning: symbol value 'm' invalid for MFD_WM831X
*.config:3368:warning: symbol value 'm' invalid for POWER_SUPPL


Messages for package sys-kernel/genkernel-4.0.1:

 *
 * * Genkernel v4.x is a new major release which touches
 *  * nearly everything. Be careful, read updated manpage
 *   * and pay special attention to program output regarding
 *    * changed kernel command-line parameters!
 *     *
 *      * Default kernel filename was changed from "kernel-genkernel-<ARCH>-<KV>"
 *       * to "vmlinuz-<KV>". Please be aware that due to lexical ordering the
 *        * *default* boot entry in your boot manager could still point to last kernel
 *         * built with genkernel before that name change, resulting in booting old
 *          * kernel when not paying attention on boot.
